in the second room
dance to third parties baba and quarters
and when he arrived yesterday with blankets
to don guido milan
the classic armed forces
official of the year
Horse
for it occupies the second place incite 0 walks very well placed in the third
in the room to renew itself and seize anyway still in play
correct affinities and as explained
the project is very, very close
memorable before the judge passed to Peru
in 26
the first 4 100
when he dominated a great team but the horse
why it comes
but it has cancer is very well placed in the third
when entering the final straight for the first time
I've been watching with vih insists stereo for the second gaitan to be for the
third in the fourth quarter the horse goes marching in time and flying to
Bogota but penultimate blanket warned last follows
republic when they go through the first
I've been watching
the open binary
cancer
but forward
there yes that according to
and the obama horse insist
there is liquid water
Valencian
but abundant public appears at once
or the situation
bow let's try yaguara
although see all my love
between them the shell when you look at the last curve and sneaks inside
how it is used to
get moving
pétkovic n fly